This is a brief video on a type of
a toxic sore tailbone injury that

causes the tailbone to be
stuck in a side vent position.

On each side of the tailbone which
is at the bottom of the sacrum.

These are the two sit Bones.

The tailbone is found and it's

comprised of four bones and quite
often.

They will fuse together but
retained

some Mobility where they connect
with the sacrum and a traumatic

injury
such as a fall on onto your sit

bones falling on one side may
cause it to

get stuck in a bent position bent
to one side and that happens you

can
find that if you palpate with your

fingertips on both sides, you'll
notice that unwinds the one side

there's a deeper sulcus and that
is

if its side bent to the right then
you will hit.

On this transverse process early,
where's on the other side?

There's a deeper a wider Feltes
and

one would think that if one has an
injury and it causes that tailbone

to
be bent to one side one would

think that treatment would involve
directly

pushing it back in the direction
where it belongs and that is at

times
true.

But other times if the injury
involves the whole pelvis and

there's a whole twisting mechanism
that

occurs throughout the hip joints
and the sacroiliac joints

involving a
whole pelvis than these large

ligaments that connect the pelvic
bones to the sacrum and coccyx as

well those become involved and it
because it becomes very difficult

large forces that are maintaining
the

The tailbone in a side vent
position and a nose examples, you

have to
treat that twisting pattern

throughout the whole pelvis.

There's a pattern that I've

discovered and described and
develops even for an installed

lower.

Windswept pelvis and that's a

pattern
in which your five different

things that you need to do to
create balance

in the hips and the sit bones in
the sacroiliac joints prior to

reducing
the side vent fixation of the

coccyx.

So I think that that's serves as a

nice introduction into the type of
tailbone injury that is named side

vent fixation and there are other
types of injuries such as a

backward
bent coccyx that the delivery of a

large baby and fall on the
tailbone

can cause it to flex forward and
sometimes one of these statements

will separate and that can be
named a fractured coccyx when in

fact, it's
actually a separation of a joint.

But another left that's what they
call it.

So this concludes my discussion
and

there's a couple of other YouTube
videos.

I posted on the subject of coccyx
pain coccyx joint dysfunction and

also on the pattern which I
named lower Windswept pelvis.

Thank you very much.